kscreen-console, kscreen-doctor: add page (#6078)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/kscreen-doctor.md

# kscreen-doctor

> > KScreen Doctor allows changing the screen setup from the command-line.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Change and manipulate the screen setup from the command-line.
```

> More information: <https://invent.kde.org/plasma/libkscreen>.

- Show display output information:

`kscreen-doctor --outputs`

- Set the rotation of a display output with an ID of 1 to the right:

`kscreen-doctor {{output.1.rotation.right}}`

> - Set the scale of a display output with an ID of HTML-2 to 2 (200%):

Reviewer: typo?
```suggestion
- Set the scale of a display output with an ID of `HDMI-2` to 2 (200%):
```

Author: No, one of my monitors is just plugged into my HTML port on my laptop. 😆 
Not sure how I managed that one.
